=head1 NAME

japi - A Humble Jira API Tool

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Synopsis: japi
  [--debug]
  [--help]
  [--version]
  [--passfile]
  [--jira_apiversion <STRING>]
  [--jira_query <STRING>]
  [--jira_uribase <STRING>]
  [--jira_user <STRING>]

=head2 Options:

=over 

=item --debug

Prints out extra debugging infos during execution. 

=item --help

Prints out the help.

=item --version

Prints out the version.

=item --passfile <STRING>

Specifies the path to an optional file which includes the Jira API password but Base64 encoded. The default value is C<~/.japipass>.

If the file is not present, Japi will prompt for the password. 

=item --jira_apiversion <STRING>

Specifies the Jira API version to use. The default value is C<rest/api/2>.

=item --jira_query <STRING>

Specifies the Jira search string (e.q. a JQL string). The default value is C<search?jql=project=MT and status not in (Resolved,Closed)'>.

=item --jira_uribase <STRING>

Specifies the Jira URI base. The default value is C<https://your-jira.example.com>. This has to be changed.

=item --jira_user <STRING>

Specifies the Jira user. The default value is your current Linux/UNIX user.

=back

=head1 CONFIG

Almost all options have to be passed the Japi tool via command line. One exception is the password file containing your Jira password Base64 encoded.

It can be created like this:

  bash -c 'read -s PASSWORD; tr -d "\n" <<< "$PASSWORD" | base64' | tee ~/.japipass

=head1 AUTHOR

Paul C. Buetow - <paul@buetow.org>

=cut
